<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_tmd_sww_pjb">
    <title>Introduction</title>
    <shortdesc></shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>
            <div>
                <p dir="ltr" id="docs-internal-guid-a8013ec0-7fff-f906-1a5f-52b32c3d6c27">Welcome to
                    Shopify! </p>
                <p dir="ltr">In this guide, you’ll learn the basics of opening, customizing and
                    managing your new online store. Shopify provides you with a variety of tools to
                    make your venture into your business easy and customizable.</p>
                <p>Join the millions of active users selling their products or services using
                    Shopify. </p>
                <p>With the Shopify platform we will take you from buisness concepts to sharing your
                    buisness vision to the world. </p>
                <p><b>Buisness Foundations</b></p>
                <p>Establish a buisness name, purchase or transfer a domain, and construct your
                    brand by using our free tools. </p>
                <p><b>Sell your products or services anywhere</b></p>
                <p>With the Shopify platform you will be able to sell anywhere your customers are.
                    You will have the flexability to access your ecommerce store online, and
                    in-person.</p>
                <p><b>Market to customers</b></p>
                <p>With the Shopify platform, marketing will be at your fingertips with built-in
                    tools that will allow you to roll out Facebook and Google campaigns while
                    allowing you to analyze their success.</p>
                <p><b>Shopify Dashboard</b></p>
                <p>With the Shopify dashboard you will be able to easily see all aspects of your
                    buisness, manage your orders and process them from start to finish. </p>
            </div>
        </p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
