<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="organizing_products">
    <title>Organizing Products</title>
    <shortdesc>Shopify allows you to create product collections to organize your products; however,
        you’d like through the use of collections. Examples of categories: Clothes for men, women,
        or children Items on sale Items of a certain type, size or color Seasonal
        products.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <steps>
            
            <step>
                <cmd><ph
                        conref="../From%20Shopify%20Admin%20page#ReusableComponent_sxj_1x4_zjb/ph_txj_1x4_zjb"
                    />, <i>click</i> on Collections</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>On the Collections page, <i>click</i> on Create Collection</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>In the new window, enter a Title and Description for the collection. This is a mandatory step.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Under Sales Channels make sure to choose which channels you want the collection to be listed under (I.E., Shopify online store, Facebook, Amazon, etc.).</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                
                <cmd>Collections allow you to select whether products will be added manually or automatically. This option cannot be changed later.</cmd>
            
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>If you chose automatically: Add in the selection criteria under Conditions. </cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>If you chose manually: When adding in products manually at a later time, make sure you click Save after adding them. You can add the same product to several different collections.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><i>Click</i><b> Save Collection</b></cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
   
    </taskbody>
</task>
