<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="troubleshooting">
    <title>Troubleshooting</title>
    <shortdesc></shortdesc>
    <refbody>
      <refbodydiv>
          
         <section>
             <title>What is Shopify’s IP address?</title>
             <p>When using a third-party or external domain for your shop, usually you must
                 state shopify’s IP address for the third-party provider. If so, it is 23.227.38.65. This
                 IP will need to be set as your A record on the other site.</p>
         </section>
          
          <section>
              <title><b>How do I change my myshopify.com domain?</b></title>
              <p>You cannot because your myshopify.com domain is a URL that is a unique
                  identifier for your store, therefore it can’t be changed or removed. However, it can be
                  replaced with a custom domain name.</p>
          </section>
          
          <section>
              <title><b>Why isn’t my Shopify POS synced with my Shopify Admin?</b></title>
              <p>The Shopify POS app usually updates automatically with any changes made on the
                  admin page, but if you find the desktop and mobile apps aren’t synced with the same
                  information, you can force the app to resync with the Shopify admin.</p>
              <p>
                  From the Shopify POS app, press your Ipad’s home button to send the
                  app into the background.
              </p>
              <p>
                  From the Ipad’s home screen, find and tap the Shopify POS app.
              </p>
              <p>
                  Check to see if the app has been updated with the new changes.
              </p>
              <p>
                  If the app still hasn’t updated, force close the app, then reopen it.
              </p>
              <p>
                  Double tap the home button to bring up all of the running apps on
                  the Ipad.
              </p>
              <p>
                  Located the shopify app and swipe the window up until the window
                  has left the screen.
              </p>
              <p>
                  Tap the home button again, then located the Shopify POS app and tap
                  it open.
              </p>
          </section>
          
          <section>
              <title></title>
              <p></p>
          </section>
          
          
          
      </refbodydiv>
        
          
       
    </refbody>
</reference>
