<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_tmd_sww_pjb">
    <title>Introduction</title>
    <shortdesc></shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>
            <div>
                <p dir="ltr" id="docs-internal-guid-a8013ec0-7fff-f906-1a5f-52b32c3d6c27">Welcome to
                    Shopify! </p>
                <p dir="ltr">In this guide, you’ll learn the basics of opening, customizing, and managing your new online store. Shopify provides you with a variety of tools to make your venture into your business secure and customizable..</p>
                <p>Join the millions of active users selling their products or services using Shopify.  </p>
                <p>With the Shopify platform, we will take you from business concepts to sharing your business vision with the world. </p>
                <p><b>Buisness Foundations</b></p>
                <p>Establish a business name, purchase or transfer a domain, and construct your brand by using our free tools.</p>
                <p><b>Sell your products or services anywhere</b></p>
                <p>With the Shopify platform, you will be able to sell anywhere your customers are. You will have the flexibility to access your eCommerce store online, and in-person.</p>
                <p><b>Market to customers</b></p>
                <p>With the Shopify platform, marketing will be at your fingertips with built-in tools that will allow you to roll out Facebook and Google campaigns while enabling you to analyze their success.</p>
                <p><b>Shopify Dashboard</b></p>
                <p>With the Shopify dashboard, you will be able to see all aspects of your business efficiently, manage your orders, and process them from start to finish.  </p>
            </div>
        </p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
